## Introduction
If we're in a car, one of the first things we do is adjust the temperature. We want the environment in the car to be precisely how you like it, whether it's too hot or too chilly outside. A circuit should be designed in such a way that it can function correctly in extreme temperatures.
In our proposal, the sensor will detect if the driver is sitting or not, and if he is, the temperature will be adjusted accordingly. Our controller will then set the heater to the required temperature. 
The heat will be generated by the heater, and the specified temperature will be displayed on the USART display. We used an ATmega328 microcontroller, as well as a temperature sensor, a push button, a heat generator, an LED, and a USART display, among other things, in our project.
## Features
- The system should determine whether or not the driver is present.
- The driver should be able to adjust the vehicle's temperature.
- Heater will generate heat in accordance with the drivers' requests.
- It's simple to size and choose.
- It is modular Approach.


## SWOT- Strengths, and Weakness, Opportunities Threats
### Strengths
- Remote Temperature Control.
- Increases the Energy Efficiency
- User Friendly
- Installing a Temperature Control System that is Automated.



### Weakness
- Low sensitivity.
- It is only relevant in countries where the temperature is below freezing.

### Opportunities
- When it comes to seed testing for incubation, Used to keep the room temperature at a set temperature.
- It can be used in an electric furnace and in the food business to control humidity, as well as in a medical incubator.
### Threats
-Not appropriate for regions with a moderate or high temperature.


## 4W's and 1'H
### **WHAT** : Seat_Temperature_Monitoring_System
### **WHERE** : Used in Automotive Industries
### **WHEN** : At low Temperature


## Detail requirements
### High Level Requirements
| High Level Requirements      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| HLR1      | Microcontroller   |
| HLR2   | Temperature Sensor|
| HLR3   | Heat Generation|
| HLR4   | Display|
| HLR5   | Software used|

### Low Level Requirements
| Low Level Requirements      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| HLR1_LLR1      | ATmega328     |
| HLR2_LLR1   | LM35 and ADC|
| HLR2_LLR2   | ADC with PWM-fast|
| HLR3_LLR1   | Thermoelectric module|
| HLR4_LLR1   |USART and LED|
| HLR5_LLR1   | Code Blocks with AVR GCC compiler |
| HLR5_LLR2   | SimulIDE |
